

Usage :	genFITS -o OutputFITSFile 
-------		-t ObservingDuration_Seconds [ 0 by default ] 
		-n no. of sources	     [ 0 by default for logN-logS sky ]
		-p point sources only	     [ ON by default ]
		-g Galactic foreground only  [ ON by default ]

	"genFITS --help" for self-explanatory documentation.

genFITS: Generates UV FITS data for a given radio sky observed with the 
	 Ooty Radio Telescope. The program generates visibilities for 
	 the Phase-I configuration of 40 antennas or the Phase-II config-
	 uration of 264 antennas. One has to copy either of the antenna 
	 configuration definition files "Antenna.Def.40" or "Antenna.Def.264" 
	 to "Antenna.Def", which is the default antenna configuration
	 definition file that genFITS expects. Antennas can be switched off 
	 by commenting the corresponding lines in "Antenna.Def" with a "#".

	 The visibilities are generated from a model of the sky corresponding
	 to the compact set of unique baselines, for the antennas enabled in
	 the "Antenna.Def" file. The sky itself has contributions from the 
	 following components:
	 (1) extragalactic point sources following the radio source counts
	     extracted from the WENSS catalog.
	 (2) a diffuse galactic synchrotron foreground generated from a	
	     power spectrum of the brightness temperature fluctuations about 
	     a mean.

	 Either of the contributions can be switched off completely by setting 
	 only the other component to "ON", i.e. by providing the "-g" switch 
	 or the "-p" switch respectively for switching on only the Galactic 
	 foreground or the extragalactic point sources. However, if both are
	 provided, both the components are turned on, which is the default 
	 option similar to neither being set to "ON" explicitly. Omitting the
	 observing duration(the "-t" option) generates a FITS file with the 
	 name passed through the "-o" option with 0 records, but with a valid
	 header and extension tables. In a nutshell, the command

	 genFITS -o TEST.FITS

	 produces a FITS file with all the antennas written to the Antenna 
	 Table, but with no random group records. It also writes a map each
	 of the sky of point sources, the Galactic synchrotron foreground, the
	 primary beam and the total sky contribution looked through the
	 primary beam, in FITS format. It also writes a model visibility file
	 called "vis.model" coresponding to the total sky signal through the 
	 primary beam. Besides, it writes other auxiliary files such as
	 "ant-init.info", "baselines.info" which are useful in their own way.

	 The "Project.Par" file and "Antenna.Def" files have to be placed in 
	 the directory where the program is to be run. The "Project.Par" file
	 defines the other parameters required for creating the visibilities.
	 The most important of them are :-
	 (a) Channels per sideband
	 (b) Scan number = 1
	 (c) Source Name
	 (d) Source Flux - required for producing calibrator scans and the
	     corresponding model visibilities.
	 (e) Pointing RA
	 (f) Pointing Dec
	 (g) The "#END" marker is important as it is used in parsing the file.

